README.md, before:

## Welcome!

### About Me

Hi there. My name is Kayleigh Young and I'm a senior at Allegheny College. I'm an Integrative Informatics major with a focus in art and media, and a Psychology and Communication Arts double minor.



## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/kayleighayoung/kayleighyoung/edit/main/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/kayleighayoung/kayleighyoung/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Updated about me and skills

README.md, after:

## Welcome!

### About Me

Hi there! My name is Kayleigh Young and I'm a senior at Allegheny College in Meadville, Pennsylvania. I'm originally from Northern New Jersey and have been an athlete my entire life. From competitive dance to volleyball and tennis, I have always been an active person. These days you can find me at the nearest hiking trail or rock climbing gym.

I'm an integrative informatics major with a focus in art and media, and a psychology and communication arts double minor. I am particularly interested in researching the cultural relationship between art and science.

### Skills

Technical Skills | Soft Skills
------------ | -------------
Content from cell 1 | Content from cell 2
Content in the first column | Content in the second column

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/kayleighayoung/kayleighyoung/edit/main/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/kayleighayoung/kayleighyoung/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.
